Ah!
Mr. Chen actually announced the news of getting married?
Right? Who?
Which woman saved the world?
I don't know that I can marry Mr. Chen?
He only announces this fiancée
An ordinary girl
It's kind of stupid, even.
But he likes it stupid.
Laugh not to say that the president is blind
Smart doesn't like it
Like stupid
Really heavy
Professor, what are you looking for me for?
Professor Ke, what's wrong?
Why do you look so ugly today?
Tell me it's not you
What!
You didn't tell me to marry Chen Xuenan
i
Professor, what are you doing?
Do you really want to marry Chen Xuenan?
Did he force you?
He didn't push me.
I volunteered. What about me?
Have you ever been moved by me for a moment?
Even if you liked me for a moment
I have done so much for you
All because I like you
Why don't you always understand?
Professor you like me
Haven't you ever felt it?
Professor Ge
You are really nice to me, I admit I admire you very much.
What about now?
You have a crush on me
But just admiration
Not that kind of like
And I have accepted Chen Xunan's marriage proposal
Maybe he was pushing me before
But now it's really my own choice
Professor Ge is very sorry